README.md, before:

# </> Covid Tracker
This project is made on VueJS with the help of COVID19 API.  
Simple tracker for Covid-19 cases and deaths
Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus.
Most people who fall sick with COVID-19 will experience mild to moderate symptoms and recover without special treatment. However, some become seriously ill and require medical attention.
almost every corner of world is under this disease 

# Stack-Used
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/vue/vue.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Git" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png" />
<br>

## [Features]
1. Visiters will get all latest information related to `covid-counts`.
2. Visiters can also get the `counts` for their country by selecting country name from dropdown.

## Project link - click [here](https://covid-counts-84421.web.app/)

## [Clone Repository]
```
git clone https://github.com/<your user name>/Covid19--Tracker.git
cd Covid19--Tracker.git
```

## [Project setup]
```
npm install
```

### [Compiles and hot-reloads for development]

```
npm run serve
```

Commit message:

Formatted and Added Contribute to Readme.md

README.md, after:


# </> Covid Tracker

This project is made on VueJS with the help of COVID19 API.

Simple tracker for Covid-19 cases and deaths

Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by the SARS-CoV-2 virus.

Most people who fall sick with COVID-19 will experience mild to moderate symptoms and recover without special treatment. However, some become seriously ill and require medical attention.

almost every corner of world is under this disease

# Stack-Used

<img  align="left"  alt="HTML5"  width="26px"  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png"  />

<img  align="left"  alt="React"  width="26px"  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/vue/vue.png"  />

<img  align="left"  alt="JavaScript"  width="26px"  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png"  />

<img  align="left"  alt="Git"  width="26px"  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/git/git.png"  />

<img  align="left"  alt="GitHub"  width="26px"  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/78df643247d429f6cc873026c0622819ad797942/topics/github/github.png"  />

<br>


## [Features]

1. Visiters will get all latest information related to `covid-counts`.

2. Visiters can also get the `counts` for their country by selecting country name from dropdown.

### Project link - [Click Here](https://covid-counts-84421.web.app/)

## [Clone Repository]
```
git clone https://github.com/<your user name>/Covid19--Tracker.git
cd Covid19--Tracker.git
```

## [Project setup]
```
npm install
```

## [Compiles and hot-reloads for development]
```
npm run serve
```

## [Contribute]
```
Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this project, you agree to abide by its terms.
```
